Here.
I have my project, my denim glasses, steppingstones.
Under this project, I have created two packages.
One is the glass, a stepping stone, and another with the glass stepping stone.
Non images which contain the images that are needed in our project for stones for projects.
Second one is for food stamps, and the third one is for no stamps.
Under the glass stepping stone package, we will create our frame form and name it as a game due frame
and simply click finish here.
Now, under this, we will create our part.
Take this.
Now we need a panel here.
Simply put this.
After this, we need another panel.
For showing the start part will take this panel, this panel.
And after this, we name it as the G panel.
Start
on another panel.
Which we need.
We need a new one here and put it inside it.
Which contains our.
Being the image and text and clear it.
And it's done.
We name it as.
Key.
We will name it to the G panel.
No.
We have to select the label and change the variable name to clear.
Start here.
Now need another panel here.
Here.
We will do.
Enlarge the span.
Okay.
I'm going to sell the properties and set this color.
Two, three, four.
Come on.
Two, four, two.
One, two, four, five.
And none.
Okay.
We need to say this.
One, two, three, four.
Comma, two, four, two, comma, two, four, five.
And.
The children and.
Control LSD and this is done.
This panel.
Be sensitive to color.
The sun brownish and then.
And after this, we need another balance here.
And simply.
Here.
Put it aside the second year.
Simply skip the part.
We are done with this part.
Simply delete this.
We need the labels, not the panel here.
So.
And we'll do one thing.
Take the liberals here.
No.
We need the panel.
Need another panel.
You.
Another one here.
Third one.
And this will be the fourth one.
This will be the first time.
6 to 1, you know, slipped on this panel and simply press control closely.
And we need this here.
So after this, take another panel.
Simply copy this panel and.
Just grab this panel here.
The sun?
No.
Simply slept on this one.
The properties.
Simply put the corner here and we will see it to the 168, comma to zero four, comma two and five.
And so here the joy part is done.
We sized this.
Simply go to now click run select main class here.
So here we can see our jury part.
This one, we have to check for something.
Here we will go to our game theme and simply arrange the parts here.
This.
We're done with this joy party.
And after this, we have to go to war.
Function part.
And what you will do.
Here we have to firstly.
Okay.
We will do one thing here.
We have to phone.
We will create some functions which we are going to use.
So first function which we will need.
And the next thing a function to display.
Image and religion.
So for this, we need.
Our function, which will be as public void display.
Image parentheses.
Under this we will put the parameter to string image part comma and change label.
To leave.
We had to write a body for this and.
Okay.
Firstly, Walter, deliver here and here what functions we are going to.
So another thing which we need a function
and.
Are action.
Do some function to add action to g labels when we click.
So a function which we need here, we rename it as public void and action.
And this is a notice.
We will dry the body and before this instructor.
We need to create.
We need to create a black border first.
We have to create a black model so we will write more black.
Border.
Black powder.
Initialize it to.
Nada.
The.
Nurse.
Go after nurse.
We need to put more water factory.
We need a matter to which we will go.
Let us create,
create model.
Here we will give 100.
Two one.
This.
One, two, one, five, two, one.
And color we need.
It's a black.
Back after this.
For this.
Now we will go to the constructor and call the chip and then.
Jerry Brown on start.
Said The border.
Right.
Blackwater.
Similar to this.
We will try to finish.
Okay.
We have not changed.
We will leave.
We have to change the variable name also.
So here we will write cheap and finish.
We will tried to panel finish not say the border to black.
Now this.
In bold color and layout.
No swing water factory.
Okay.
Swing border.
Border.
All the imports are right.
So simply, we will run our file and see the output.
You know.
We will go to our team frame and
simply have to write.
Chili Bowl players start the works at the border.
And black market scene and unemployment, which we need to label change it.
Change variable name here and blue finish.
It will set you to finish.
Okay.
So after this year, we will dry.
Blue finish.
On the set border and give the perimeter to black border.
And let's stop.
And now we will run over five.
So we got our borders here.
Here?
No.
What we will do here.
We need to create.
You need to center the form also.
So before setting the border
here, we have set the borders.
Before that we will enter this form to.
So we really tried to start set location related to give the parameter to know.
We will run our program and see.
So our output is coming in the center of the window here.
So before now we have to first go to the function display image, this one, and we have to write the
part of this body.
So what we need, we have to get the image first.
Image and image icon AMG.
Will you tell me why?
And simply, I'd get lost here, not get the suits, shoes and get the image part.
And none.
No.
What we have to do another thing.
We have to meet.
We have to make the image for drink in first syllable first.
So
here we will do.
We have to import this also.
We have to meet the image threat and
given global.
So we will do we will right image we need to image.
I do not get image right.
God scale instance.
And here we will set it to no label.
And give the height.
Who will take the label not get better.
Who knew a lot.
Get high.
I'll put this.
We need another thing.
We will not get.
Do we need?
No, we need.
We have to write a means not
to.
The ski suits and the property.
Slim borders.
So maybe we get this thing so right scale the scale, smooth and semicolon and after this signal side
the image in the G label.
So we will write legal the set in image.
Okay.
Said, I got it.
We need a set icon and give the parameter to new.
We need the new image, Michael.
And we
give the parameter to the string we need to get.
We have to keep it.
Same here.
So let's turn.
No.
We will go the previous year and.
What we have to do.
Firstly, we have to change this culture to.
Yellow Sun should be mostly run this program.
Here.
Yellow.
Okay, we got the borders here, and now we have to get the image part to play.
We will write the image part.
So we will take a string name, bootstraps and equal to.
In water.
Our hair is in dried images.
Here we have name the images foodstuff.
So here we will write food stamps, not being this one semicolon similar to this.
Another thing which we need string cracks
and the thing string cracks here and the part on the.
Range and cranks not being.
And similar to that, we've tried new steps.
I know this feeling, right?
He means
no stops not being g.
And here we have done the part.
Now go to constructor and here we will set the images.
So firstly, we will write this split image.
Here we will write.
Food stamps.
We need the Blue Star to seem so stone simply.